feat(nextjs): Handle URL <> Session Org Mismatch in Middleware (#3977)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/olive-trainers-heal.md

---
"@clerk/nextjs": patch
---

> New nextjs middleware option `OrganizationSyncOptions`, which syncs an active organization or personal workspace from a URL to the clerk session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Introduces `organizationSyncOptions` option to `clerkMiddleware`, which syncs an active organization or personal workspace from a URL to the clerk session.
```
